hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a psychological thriller film: "The Great Hypnotist"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
Doctor Bald is a psychiatrist who is good at using hypnosis to cure his patients
one day, Doctor Bald's tutor introduces to him a tricky patient, the girl named Patient Hairy
who has seen many doctors domestically and abroad
but none of them can cure her mental illness
Doctor Bald is curious about this case
his tutor just reminds him that she can see ghosts
Doctor Bald doesn't buy that smelly shit
he thinks this patient must have some kind of psychological problem
though feeling ridiculous, he still agrees to take this case
Doctor Bald works till midnight that day
when his assistant hands in the medical record of Patient Hairy
the patient he has promised his tutor to take care of
Doctor Bald feels tired after a day's work
he tells his assistant to put off the appointment to tomorrow
however, the assistant tells him
that Patient Hairy has been waiting for a long time outside the office
he is kind-hearted and agrees to meet her at once
to cheer himself up, he takes a cup of coffee
but he doesn't see anyone come in after waiting for a while
Doctor Bald walks out to the living room, only to find Patient Hairy staring at a clock
she says that the clock runs slow and sets it ahead with her fingers
Doctor Bald shows her to the office and starts the hypnosis session
from the following conversation, Doctor Bald learns that she's an orphan
he pays attention to her life story
and feels that this may be a good opening to look into her deep mind
as the therapy begins
Patient Hairy slowly tells the story of her first encounter with a ghost
in the beginning, she had been puzzled by the sound of marbles before getting to bed
the sound had troubled her for some time
she was wakened up by the sound that night
as it was getting closer and more cracking
she suddenly realized that the sound came from the ground instead of the ceiling
so she bent down to check if there was anything under the bed
as expected, a marble rolled out from it
Patient Hairy turned on her flashlight but couldn't find anything there
to make sure it wasn't her illusion, she turned on the flashlight to check again
this time, however, she was shocked by the face of an old lady living downstairs
Patient Hairy took it as mischief from her neighbor
so she stepped down to negotiate with them
much to her shock, the old lady she just saw passed away this morning
with a funeral portrait right in the middle of the living room
Patient Hairy couldn't believe her eyes
she also learned from the family that they couldn't find the old lady's ID card anywhere
as they had to use it to arrange the funeral
suddenly she noticed that something was wrong with the portrait
Patient Hairy followed the direction the old lady's eyes looked
and told the family that the ID card was in a secret compartment of the ceiling
sure enough, they found her ID card right there
hearing the story, Doctor Bald can't help stopping her smelly shit
he takes it as Patient Hairy's lie
for he believes that a person can't hide between the layers of two floors
Patient Hairy retorts that what she saw is a ghost instead of human
Doctor Bald doesn't want to argue with her anymore
he intends to write down her diagnosis
but Patient Hairy speaks out what he's going to write ahead of him
which draws Doctor Bald's interest immediately
it turns out that this woman is also good at psychology
Doctor Bald decides to continue and sees what tricks she's gonna play
then Patient Hairy tells him her second time to see a ghost
one night, Patient Hairy took a bus home
where there was no other passenger but herself
unexpectedly, the bus broke down halfway
Patient Hairy stepped ahead to ask the driver what was going on
the driver seemed flustered and begged her not to get off the bus
Patient Hairy was scared by him and ran out of the bus
then she came across a little girl in red on the street
the girl was drawing a lying human figure on the ground
no matter what Patient Hairy asked
the girl said nothing but cried, and kept looking at the bus Patient Hairy just took
before Patient Hairy could do anything
the girl suddenly appeared on the bus leaving with the driver
however, she continuously pointed at the number plates to Patient Hairy
seemingly to remind her to find out the bus
at this time, Patient Hairy noticed a poster at the roadside
which said that a little girl died in a car accident before long
and her family was offering a reward to look for clues of the driver
the girl in the poster was just the one she met
Patient Hairy was surprised that she just saw another ghost
but she still told the police the plate number of the bus
it soon proved by the police that the driver was responsible for the girl's death
still, Doctor Bald can't believe her and finds her shit smells worse
so as to convince him, Patient Hairy even shows him a newspaper reporting the case
however, Doctor Bald thinks that she cooks up the story after reading the news
he's tired of the woman's lies and starts to talk about her background
he soon learns that Patient Hairy's parents abandoned her because of heavy debt
and after that, they committed suicide
she can never forget the red flowers all over the sky on the day she was sent to an orphanage
Doctor Bald realizes that the red flower may be the key to work it out
he quietly goes into the restroom to call a friend
asking about the species of the flower
the answer turns out to be Kapok, which only grows in southern areas
but Patient Hairy was sent to an orphanage in the north, proving that her stories are made up
believing that he finds a breakthrough
Doctor Bald decides to continue hypnotizing her with a pocket watch dangling before her
soon Patient Hairy finds herself in a ruin with a door in front of her
actually, it's a common practice of hypnotherapy
what hides behind the door is the memory buried in the bottom of the patient's heart
Patient Hairy opens the door, but her finger seems to be pricked
causing a drop of blood to seep out of the skin
Doctor Bald asks her what she has seen
she replies that there's nothing around except for a pool of water
while Doctor Bald is going to continue his questions
Patient Hairy suddenly becomes frightened and keeps telling him the number "502"
she begs him to stop treatment in despair
just as Doctor Bald is about to pull her back to reality
unexpectedly, she says that there's a bridge above the pool
Doctor Bald is confused a lot by her words
the next moment however, Doctor Bald finds himself already stuck in Patient Hairy's dream
she suddenly rushes crazy towards him and pushes him into the water
Doctor Bald struggles to get out of the pool
and when he comes to his sense again, he falls right into his chair
in anger, Doctor Bald has had enough of her lies and tricks
at this moment, the friend he just called sends him materials of Patient Hairy's background
Doctor Bald figures out that after being abandoned by her birth parents living in the south
Patient Hairy was adopted but later abandoned again by her foster parents living in the north
for her foster mother was pregnant with her own child
those two tragedies cause Patient Hairy to be severely traumatized during her childhood
when she should have enjoyed playing marble balls, rather than sufferings
this explains that she tries to cover her darkest memories by making up stories
it seems everything has fallen into place, but Patient Hairy can't accept what he explained
Doctor Bald has to ask directly about her fiance
because she always touches her middle finger since she comes in
showing that she used to wear a ring on that finger
Patient Hairy looks flurried hearing his question
she wants to leave the office but falls into Doctor Bald's hypnosis again
this time, she clearly sees her fiance, who grows up with her in the orphanage
however, he dies in a car accident right before the wedding ceremony
she also sees herself at her lover's funeral
but someone suddenly rushes in and drags her away
having recalled her of the memories
Doctor Bald finally understands the cause of Patient Hairy's sufferings
and tries to comfort her to let go of the past
however, Patient Hairy interrupts his bullshit
declaring that she has seen a man and a woman standing behind him
soaking wet and following him all the time
while Doctor Bald is going to lose his temper
he suddenly falls into hypnosis when he hears Patient Hairy's call, "captain"
Doctor Bald finally gets to face the truth that he has been trying to forget
"captain" turns out to be Doctor Bald's nickname given by his dead wife
one night, he was drinking with his wife and best friend in a bar named "502"
on the way home, he was too drunk and accidentally crashed the car into a river
resulting in his wife and best friend's death in the accident
and Doctor Bald was the only one who survived
after waking up in the hospital, he blamed himself deeply for their death
unwilling to face reality, he later hypnotized himself to forget the whole accident
Patient Hairy tells him the two people standing behind soaking-wet are his wife and best friend
they love him as always and have forgiven him
Doctor Bald crashes on the floor and comes back to reality as his assistant runs in
he finally recognizes Patient Hairy, who is actually his classmate of the same tutor
it's revealed that Doctor Bald was going to suicide after the accident
it's their tutor who makes such a plan to cure his pain
Doctor Bald should be called the patient bald while Patient Hairy is actually his doctor hairy
the therapy began as the assistant handed in Patient Hairy's medical record
and the coffee Doctor Bald had was drugged to distract him
he was hypnotized right at the time when Patient Hairy set the clock
while Patient Hairy was pretending to be treated by him
she deliberately pricked her finger so as not to lose her senses
however, Doctor Bald soon noticed that something was wrong according to his rich experiences
right when he hypnotized Patient Hairy and wanna dig deep about her fiance
he triggered the hidden protection mechanism set by their tutor
which as a result, enables Patient Hairy to be dragged out of his hypnosis
so far, Doctor Bald has been successfully cured by Patient Hairy's hypnotherapy
everyone is happy for him except for Patient Hairy
due to the hypnosis, she also pulls her memory back to the day of the car accident
there were actually four people drinking in the bar
Patient Hairy was also there, but she left early
Doctor Bald's best friend happens to be exactly her fiance
she waited anxiously for her lover to come home but only the bad news came
she also suffers a lot from the accident
the tutor tries to comfort her to let it go
as she is the only one who's still trapped in the past
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out